token-room-example/README.md, before:

# Token Room Example

A minimal example demonstrating token-based room joining with shareable invite links using the Hiyve SDK.

## Features

- **Room Creation**: Owner creates a room and joins automatically
- **Invite Links**: Owner generates shareable invite links with configurable options
- **Token-Based Joining**: Guests join using invite links (no room name needed)
- **Password Protection**: Optional password protection for invite links
- **Simple Video Room**: Basic video grid with audio/video controls
- **Live Clock**: Auto-updating time display in room header
- **Responsive Layout**: Adaptive controls based on container size

## Quick Start

You can either run the root setup script (recommended) or set up manually:

### Option A: Root Setup Script (Recommended)

From the `hiyve-examples` root directory:

```bash
./setup.sh token-room-example
```

This handles authentication, dependencies, and environment setup automatically.

Then start the app:

```bash
cd token-room-example
pnpm run dev
```

### Option B: Manual Setup

1. **Authenticate with Hiyve**

   The `@hiyve/*` packages require authentication. If you haven't already:

   ```bash
   npx hiyve-cli login
   ```

   Enter your Hiyve API key when prompted. Get one at [console.hiyve.dev](https://console.hiyve.dev).

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   pnpm run setup
   ```

3. **Configure API credentials**

   Copy the example environment file and add your credentials:

   ```bash
   cp server/.env.example server/.env
   ```

   Edit `server/.env` with your Hiyve API credentials:

   ```env
   APIKEY=your-api-key
   CLIENT_SECRET=your-client-secret
   SERVER_REGION=us-west-2
   ```

4. **Start the application**

   ```bash
   pnpm run dev
   ```

   This starts both the frontend (port 5173) and backend (port 3001).

5. **Open in browser**

   Visit `http://localhost:5173`

## User Flows

### Owner Flow

1. Open the app at `/`
2. Enter your name and room name
3. Click "Create Room"
4. Once in the room, click the share icon to get an invite link
5. Configure link options (type, expiration, password)
6. Copy and share the link with guests

### Guest Flow

1. Receive an invite link from the owner
2. Open the link in your browser
3. Enter your display name (and password if required)
4. Click "Join Room"
5. You're in the video call!

## Invite Link Format

```
https://example.com/join?joinToken={token}&region={region}
```

- `joinToken`: Encoded token identifying the invite
- `region`: Server region (e.g., us-west-2)

The room name is NOT in the URL - it's retrieved server-side when validating the token.

## Token Options

When generating invite links, owners can configure:

- **Type**:
  - `group` - Anyone with the link can join (multiple uses)
  - `individual` - Only one person can use this link

- **Expiration**:
  - 1 hour
  - 1 day
  - 1 week

- **Password** (optional):
  - Add password protection for extra security

## Project Structure

```
token-room-example/
├── src/
│   ├── main.tsx              # App entry with HiyveProvider
│   ├── App.tsx               # Routing based on URL and state
│   └── components/
│       ├── CreateRoom.tsx    # Owner: create room form
│       ├── JoinRoom.tsx      # Guest: join via token (uses SDK)
│       ├── VideoRoom.tsx     # Simple video room
│       └── InviteLinkDisplay.tsx  # Generate/share invite link (uses SDK)
├── server/
│   ├── server.js             # Room token generation API
│   └── .env.example          # Environment template
├── package.json
├── vite.config.ts
└── README.md
```

## Packages Used

| Package | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `@hiyve/react` | Core WebRTC provider and hooks (`useConnection`, `useRoom`, `useDevices`) |
| `@hiyve/react-ui` | `VideoGrid`, `ControlBar`, `InviteLinkDialog`, `JoinWithTokenForm` |
| `@hiyve/rtc-client` | Underlying WebRTC client library (peer dependency) |
| `@hiyve/utilities` | `LiveClock`, `TooltipIconButton`, `useContainerBreakpoint` |

## API Endpoints

### POST /api/generate-room-token

Generates a room token for Hiyve Client authentication.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "roomToken": "jwt-token-here",
  "region": "us-west-2"
}
```

### GET /api/health

Health check endpoint.

## Comparison with Full Example

| Feature | Token Room Example | Full Example |
|---------|-------------------|--------------|
| Room Creation | Yes | Yes |
| Invite Links | Yes (token-based) | No |
| Password Protection | Yes | No |
| Video Grid | Yes | Yes |
| Control Bar | Basic | Full |
| Sidebar | No | Yes |
| Chat | No | Yes |
| Recording | No | Yes |
| Transcription | No | Yes |
| Waiting Room | No | Yes |
| File Sharing | No | Yes |

This example demonstrates the token-based joining flow with minimal complexity.

## Troubleshooting

### "Invalid invite link"

- The token may be malformed - check the URL
- Try generating a new invite link

### "This invite link has expired"

- The token has passed its expiration time
- Ask the room owner for a new link

### "Incorrect password"

- The password entered doesn't match
- Check with the room owner for the correct password

### "You are not authorized"

- Individual tokens are restricted to a specific user ID
- Contact the room owner for a link meant for you

### "Failed to generate room token"

- Check that `APIKEY` and `CLIENT_SECRET` are set in `server/.env`
- Verify the credentials are correct

### Video/audio not working

- Check browser permissions for camera and microphone
- Try a different browser (Chrome recommended)

Commit message:

feat: update TelehealthSidebar and VideoRoom components with new props for intelligence configuration and room exit callbacks
refactor: remove unused token generation functions from main.tsx and update HiyveProvider usage

docs: enhance README with environment variable requirements and app running instructions

chore: update package dependencies to latest versions for improved stability and features

style: add barrel export for components in token-room-example

chore: add .env.example files for interview, react, sales, and telehealth examples to standardize environment variable configuration

token-room-example/README.md, after:

# Token Room Example

A minimal example demonstrating token-based room joining with shareable invite links using the Hiyve SDK.

## Features

- **Room Creation**: Owner creates a room and joins automatically
- **Invite Links**: Owner generates shareable invite links with configurable options
- **Token-Based Joining**: Guests join using invite links (no room name needed)
- **Password Protection**: Optional password protection for invite links
- **Simple Video Room**: Basic video grid with audio/video controls
- **Live Clock**: Auto-updating time display in room header
- **Responsive Layout**: Adaptive controls based on container size

## Quick Start

You can either run the root setup script (recommended) or set up manually:

### Option A: Root Setup Script (Recommended)

From the `hiyve-examples` root directory:

```bash
./setup.sh token-room-example
```

This handles authentication, dependencies, and environment setup automatically.

Then start the app:

```bash
cd token-room-example
pnpm run dev
```

### Option B: Manual Setup

1. **Authenticate with Hiyve**

   The `@hiyve/*` packages require authentication. If you haven't already:

   ```bash
   npx hiyve-cli login
   ```

   Enter your Hiyve API key when prompted. Get one at [console.hiyve.dev](https://console.hiyve.dev).

2. **Install dependencies**

   ```bash
   pnpm run setup
   ```

3. **Configure API credentials**

   Copy the example environment file and add your credentials:

   ```bash
   cp server/.env.example server/.env
   ```

   Edit `server/.env` with your Hiyve API credentials:

   ```env
   APIKEY=your-api-key
   CLIENT_SECRET=your-client-secret
   SERVER_REGION=us-west-2
   ```

4. **Start the application**

   ```bash
   pnpm run dev
   ```

   This starts both the frontend (port 5173) and backend (port 3001).

5. **Open in browser**

   Visit `http://localhost:5173`

## Configuration

The server requires the following environment variables in `server/.env`:

| Variable | Required | Default | Description |
|----------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `APIKEY` | Yes | — | Hiyve API key from [console.hiyve.dev](https://console.hiyve.dev) |
| `CLIENT_SECRET` | Yes | — | Hiyve client secret |
| `SERVER_REGION` | No | `us-west-2` | Signaling server region |

## Running the App

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

This starts the Vite dev server on http://localhost:5173 and the Express API server on http://localhost:3001.

## User Flows

### Owner Flow

1. Open the app at `/`
2. Enter your name and room name
3. Click "Create Room"
4. Once in the room, click the share icon to get an invite link
5. Configure link options (type, expiration, password)
6. Copy and share the link with guests

### Guest Flow

1. Receive an invite link from the owner
2. Open the link in your browser
3. Enter your display name (and password if required)
4. Click "Join Room"
5. You're in the video call!

## Invite Link Format

```text
https://example.com/join?joinToken={token}&region={region}
```

- `joinToken`: Encoded token identifying the invite
- `region`: Server region (e.g., us-west-2)

The room name is NOT in the URL - it's retrieved server-side when validating the token.

## Token Options

When generating invite links, owners can configure:

- **Type**:
  - `group` - Anyone with the link can join (multiple uses)
  - `individual` - Only one person can use this link

- **Expiration**:
  - 1 hour
  - 1 day
  - 1 week

- **Password** (optional):
  - Add password protection for extra security

## Project Structure

```text
token-room-example/
├── src/
│   ├── main.tsx              # App entry with HiyveProvider
│   ├── App.tsx               # Routing based on URL and state
│   └── components/
│       ├── CreateRoom.tsx    # Owner: create room form
│       ├── JoinRoom.tsx      # Guest: join via token (uses SDK)
│       ├── VideoRoom.tsx     # Simple video room
│       └── InviteLinkDisplay.tsx  # Generate/share invite link (uses SDK)
├── server/
│   ├── server.js             # Room token generation API
│   └── .env.example          # Environment template
├── package.json
├── vite.config.ts
└── README.md
```

## Packages Used

| Package | Purpose |
|---------|---------|
| `@hiyve/react` | Core WebRTC provider and hooks (`useConnection`, `useRoom`, `useDevices`) |
| `@hiyve/react-ui` | `VideoGrid`, `ControlBar`, `InviteLinkDialog`, `JoinWithTokenForm` |
| `@hiyve/rtc-client` | Underlying WebRTC client library (peer dependency) |
| `@hiyve/utilities` | `LiveClock`, `TooltipIconButton`, `useContainerBreakpoint` |
| `@hiyve/admin` | Server-side middleware for token generation endpoints |

## API Endpoints

### POST /api/generate-room-token

Generates a room token for Hiyve Client authentication.

**Response:**
```json
{
  "roomToken": "jwt-token-here",
  "region": "us-west-2"
}
```

### GET /api/health

Health check endpoint.

## Comparison with Full Example

| Feature | Token Room Example | Full Example |
|---------|-------------------|--------------|
| Room Creation | Yes | Yes |
| Invite Links | Yes (token-based) | No |
| Password Protection | Yes | No |
| Video Grid | Yes | Yes |
| Control Bar | Basic | Full |
| Sidebar | No | Yes |
| Chat | No | Yes |
| Recording | No | Yes |
| Transcription | No | Yes |
| Waiting Room | No | Yes |
| File Sharing | No | Yes |

This example demonstrates the token-based joining flow with minimal complexity.

## Troubleshooting

### "Invalid invite link"

- The token may be malformed - check the URL
- Try generating a new invite link

### "This invite link has expired"

- The token has passed its expiration time
- Ask the room owner for a new link

### "Incorrect password"

- The password entered doesn't match
- Check with the room owner for the correct password

### "You are not authorized"

- Individual tokens are restricted to a specific user ID
- Contact the room owner for a link meant for you

### "Failed to generate room token"

- Check that `APIKEY` and `CLIENT_SECRET` are set in `server/.env`
- Verify the credentials are correct

### Video/audio not working

- Check browser permissions for camera and microphone
- Try a different browser (Chrome recommended)
