sales-example/README.md, before:

# Sales Coach - Hiyve SDK Example

An AI-powered sales coaching application with live meeting intelligence, real-time transcription, post-call analysis, and semantic search. Built with `@hiyve/react`, `@hiyve/react-intelligence`, `@hiyve/react-capture`, and `@hiyve/react-collaboration`.

## Features

### During the Call (Owner)

- **Live Transcription** - Real-time speech-to-text via ControlBar intelligence settings
- **AI Assistant** - Ask questions about the live conversation in the sidebar
- **Mood & Sentiment** - Real-time participant mood analysis overlays on video tiles
- **Recording** - Start/stop recording with visual indicator in the header
- **File Management** - Access documents and past call files in the sidebar Files tab
- **Engagement Tracking** - Per-participant engagement overlays on video tiles

### During the Call (Guest)

- **Video & Audio** - Full WebRTC video conferencing with screen share
- **Controls** - Camera, mic, screen share, hand raise, settings
- **No Sidebar** - Guests see only the video grid and controls

### After the Call

- **Meeting Summary** - Auto-generated summary with key points, action items, and decisions via `MeetingSummary`
- **Sales Scorecard** - Dimension scores for discovery, qualification, objection handling, closing, and next steps via `ScorecardPanel`
- **Key Highlights** - AI-extracted coaching highlights
- **AI Follow-Up** - Ask questions about the call using the AI assistant with full transcription context

### Anytime

- **Semantic Search** - Search across past sales call transcripts using natural language via `SearchPanel`
- **Device Preview** - Test camera and microphone before joining

## Quick Start

### Option A: Root Setup Script

```bash
cd hiyve-examples
./setup.sh
cd sales-example
pnpm run dev
```

### Option B: Manual Setup

```bash
cd sales-example
pnpm install
cd server && pnpm install && cd ..
cp server/.env.example server/.env
# Edit server/.env with your Hiyve API credentials
pnpm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:5173

## Packages Used

| Package | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `@hiyve/react` | Core provider, hooks (`useConnection`, `useRoom`, `useRecording`, `useTranscription`, `useParticipants`) |
| `@hiyve/react-ui` | UI components (`VideoGrid`, `ControlBar`, `Sidebar`, `DevicePreview`, `WaitForHostScreen`) |
| `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | AI components and hooks (`CloudProvider`, `MoodAnalysisProvider`, `IntelligenceHub`, `MeetingSummary`, `ScorecardPanel`, `SearchPanel`, `useAnalysis`, `useLiveContext`, `useMoodCloudSync`) |
| `@hiyve/react-capture` | Recording and transcription components (`RecordingIndicator`, `TranscriptViewer`) |
| `@hiyve/react-collaboration` | File management (`FileCacheProvider`, `FileManager`) |
| `@hiyve/cloud` | Cloud AI client (`CloudClient`) |
| `@hiyve/rtc-client` | WebRTC signaling client (used internally by @hiyve/react) |
| `@hiyve/utilities` | Shared utilities (`LiveClock`, `TooltipIconButton`) |

## Project Structure

```
sales-example/
├── src/
│   ├── main.tsx              # Providers: Theme + Hiyve + Cloud + CloudClient + FileCache + Mood
│   ├── App.tsx               # Mode router (landing/call/postMeeting/search)
│   ├── cloudClient.tsx       # CloudClient context provider + useCloudClient hook
│   ├── vite-env.d.ts         # Vite type declarations
│   └── components/
│       ├── LandingPage.tsx      # 2-card mode selection: Call, Search
│       ├── JoinForm.tsx         # Room name + user name + Create/Join + DevicePreview
│       ├── VideoRoom.tsx        # VideoGrid + ControlBar + intelligence + owner-only sidebar
│       ├── SalesSidebar.tsx     # AI tab (IntelligenceHub) + Files tab (FileManager)
│       ├── PostMeetingView.tsx  # MeetingSummary + ScorecardPanel + AI assistant
│       ├── SalesDashboard.tsx   # Standalone ScorecardPanel (variant="sales") + highlights
│       └── SearchView.tsx       # SearchPanel wrapper with sales-themed labels
├── server/
│   ├── server.js             # Express: room token + cloud token endpoints
│   ├── package.json
│   └── .env.example
├── scripts/
│   └── toggle-packages.js    # Dev/prod package switching
├── index.html
├── vite.config.ts            # Dev alias resolution for linked SDK packages
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsconfig.node.json
├── package.json
└── .npmrc
```

## Architecture

### Provider Stack

```
ThemeProvider (MUI dark theme, primary: #0288d1)
  └── HiyveProvider (WebRTC signaling + room management)
      └── CloudProvider (Cloud API authentication)
          └── CloudClientProvider (raw CloudClient instance)
              └── FileCacheProvider (file caching for FileManager)
                  └── MoodAnalysisProvider (real-time facial sentiment)
                      └── App
```

### Dual Token Architecture

This example uses two tokens generated server-side:

1. **Room Token** - Authenticates with the Hiyve signaling server for WebRTC
2. **Cloud Token** - Authenticates with Hiyve Cloud API for AI features (analysis, search, live context)

Both are generated via the Express backend to keep API credentials secure.

### Application Flow

```
LandingPage
  ├── "Start a Sales Call" → JoinForm → VideoRoom (with live intelligence) → PostMeetingView
  └── "Search Past Calls" → SearchView
```

### Intelligence Flow

1. Owner creates room and starts recording/transcription via ControlBar intelligence menu
2. Transcriptions stream in real-time to the sidebar's AI tab (IntelligenceHub + TranscriptViewer)
3. Mood analysis runs on video frames and syncs to cloud via `useMoodCloudSync`
4. Owner can query the AI assistant during the call using `askWithResponseId`
5. On leaving, transcriptions are collected and sent to `analyzeSalesCall` for scoring
6. PostMeetingView shows MeetingSummary + ScorecardPanel + AI follow-up chat

### Owner vs Guest Experience

| Feature | Owner | Guest |
|---------|-------|-------|
| Video & audio | Yes | Yes |
| ControlBar (camera, mic, share) | Yes | Yes |
| Recording menu & intelligence settings | Yes | No |
| AI Sidebar (IntelligenceHub + Files) | Yes | No |
| Post-meeting analysis | Yes (on leave) | No |

## Hooks Reference

| Hook | Package | Purpose |
|------|---------|---------|
| `useConnection` | `@hiyve/react` | `createRoom`, `joinRoom`, `leaveRoom`, `isConnecting` |
| `useRoom` | `@hiyve/react` | `room`, `isOwner`, `isInRoom` |
| `useWaitForHost` | `@hiyve/react` | `isWaiting` (guest waiting room) |
| `useRecording` | `@hiyve/react` | `isRecording`, `recordingDuration`, `responseId` |
| `useTranscription` | `@hiyve/react` | `transcriptions`, `isTranscribing`, `enrichTranscription` |
| `useParticipants` | `@hiyve/react` | `localUserId` |
| `useAnalysis` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | `analyzeSalesCall`, `result`, `loading` |
| `useLiveContext` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | `askWithResponseId` (AI queries with transcription context) |
| `useIntelligenceReadiness` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | UI readiness state for intelligence features |
| `useMoodAnalysisSafe` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | `moodStates`, `enabled`, `ready` |
| `useMoodCloudSync` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | Auto-sync mood data to cloud AI context |
| `useCloudClient` | Local context | Access to raw `CloudClient` instance |

## Development

```bash
pnpm run dev             # Start dev server (client + backend)
pnpm run build           # Build for production
pnpm run packages:dev    # Use local linked packages
pnpm run packages:prod   # Use registry packages
pnpm run packages:status # Show current mode
```

## Troubleshooting

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| "Failed to generate cloud token" | Check `APIKEY` in `server/.env` |
| "Failed to generate room token" | Check both `APIKEY` and `CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.env` |
| No transcription appearing | Start recording/transcription via the ControlBar intelligence menu |
| AI assistant says "No context" | Intelligence mode must be active (recording + transcription running) |
| Vite context duplication errors | Run `rm -rf node_modules/.vite` and restart |
| Search returns no results | You need recordings with transcriptions in your Hiyve account |
| Sidebar not visible | Only the room owner sees the sidebar; guests see video only |

Commit message:

feat: update TelehealthSidebar and VideoRoom components with new props for intelligence configuration and room exit callbacks
refactor: remove unused token generation functions from main.tsx and update HiyveProvider usage

docs: enhance README with environment variable requirements and app running instructions

chore: update package dependencies to latest versions for improved stability and features

style: add barrel export for components in token-room-example

chore: add .env.example files for interview, react, sales, and telehealth examples to standardize environment variable configuration

sales-example/README.md, after:

# Sales Coach - Hiyve SDK Example

An AI-powered sales coaching application with live meeting intelligence, real-time transcription, post-call analysis, and semantic search. Built with `@hiyve/react`, `@hiyve/react-intelligence`, `@hiyve/react-capture`, and `@hiyve/react-collaboration`.

## Features

### During the Call (Owner)

- **Live Transcription** - Real-time speech-to-text via ControlBar intelligence settings
- **AI Assistant** - Ask questions about the live conversation in the sidebar
- **Mood & Sentiment** - Real-time participant mood analysis overlays on video tiles
- **Recording** - Start/stop recording with visual indicator in the header
- **File Management** - Access documents and past call files in the sidebar Files tab
- **Engagement Tracking** - Per-participant engagement overlays on video tiles

### During the Call (Guest)

- **Video & Audio** - Full WebRTC video conferencing with screen share
- **Controls** - Camera, mic, screen share, hand raise, settings
- **No Sidebar** - Guests see only the video grid and controls

### After the Call

- **Meeting Summary** - Auto-generated summary with key points, action items, and decisions via `MeetingSummary`
- **Sales Scorecard** - Dimension scores for discovery, qualification, objection handling, closing, and next steps via `ScorecardPanel`
- **Key Highlights** - AI-extracted coaching highlights
- **AI Follow-Up** - Ask questions about the call using the AI assistant with full transcription context

### Anytime

- **Semantic Search** - Search across past sales call transcripts using natural language via `SearchPanel`
- **Device Preview** - Test camera and microphone before joining

## Quick Start

### Option A: Root Setup Script

```bash
cd hiyve-examples
./setup.sh
cd sales-example
pnpm run dev
```

### Option B: Manual Setup

```bash
cd sales-example
pnpm install
cd server && pnpm install && cd ..
cp server/.env.example server/.env
# Edit server/.env with your Hiyve API credentials
pnpm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:5173

## Configuration

The server requires the following environment variables in `server/.env`:

| Variable | Required | Default | Description |
|----------|----------|---------|-------------|
| `APIKEY` | Yes | — | Hiyve API key from [console.hiyve.dev](https://console.hiyve.dev) |
| `CLIENT_SECRET` | Yes | — | Hiyve client secret |
| `SERVER_REGION` | No | `us-west-2` | Signaling server region |

## Running the App

```bash
pnpm run dev
```

This starts the Vite dev server on http://localhost:5173 and the Express API server on http://localhost:3001.

## Packages Used

| Package | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `@hiyve/react` | Core provider, hooks (`useConnection`, `useRoom`, `useRecording`, `useTranscription`, `useParticipants`) |
| `@hiyve/react-ui` | UI components (`VideoGrid`, `ControlBar`, `Sidebar`, `JoinForm`, `ConnectingScreen`, `WaitForHostScreen`, `DevicePreview`) |
| `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | AI components and hooks (`CloudProvider`, `MoodAnalysisProvider`, `IntelligenceHub`, `MeetingSummary`, `ScorecardPanel`, `SearchPanel`, `useAnalysis`, `useLiveContext`, `useMoodCloudSync`) |
| `@hiyve/react-capture` | Recording and transcription components (`RecordingIndicator`, `TranscriptViewer`) |
| `@hiyve/react-collaboration` | File management (`FileCacheProvider`, `FileManager`) |
| `@hiyve/cloud` | Cloud AI client (`CloudClient`) |
| `@hiyve/admin` | Server-side middleware for token generation endpoints |
| `@hiyve/rtc-client` | WebRTC signaling client (used internally by @hiyve/react) |
| `@hiyve/utilities` | Shared utilities (`LiveClock`, `TooltipIconButton`) |

## Project Structure

```text
sales-example/
├── src/
│   ├── main.tsx              # Providers: Theme + Hiyve + Cloud + CloudClient + FileCache + Mood
│   ├── App.tsx               # Mode router (landing/call/postMeeting/search)
│   ├── vite-env.d.ts         # Vite type declarations
│   └── components/
│       ├── LandingPage.tsx      # 2-card mode selection: Call, Search
│       ├── VideoRoom.tsx        # VideoGrid + ControlBar + intelligence + owner-only sidebar
│       ├── SalesSidebar.tsx     # AI tab (IntelligenceHub) + Files tab (FileManager)
│       ├── PostMeetingView.tsx  # MeetingSummary + ScorecardPanel + AI assistant
│       ├── SalesDashboard.tsx   # Standalone ScorecardPanel (variant="sales") + highlights
│       └── SearchView.tsx       # SearchPanel wrapper with sales-themed labels
├── server/
│   ├── server.js             # Express: room token + cloud token endpoints
│   ├── package.json
│   └── .env.example
├── scripts/
│   └── toggle-packages.js    # Dev/prod package switching
├── index.html
├── vite.config.ts            # Dev alias resolution for linked SDK packages
├── tsconfig.json
├── tsconfig.node.json
├── package.json
└── .npmrc
```

## Architecture

### Provider Stack

```text
ThemeProvider (MUI dark theme, primary: #0288d1)
  └── HiyveProvider (WebRTC signaling + room management)
      └── CloudProvider (Cloud API authentication)
          └── CloudClientProvider (raw CloudClient instance)
              └── FileCacheProvider (file caching for FileManager)
                  └── MoodAnalysisProvider (real-time facial sentiment)
                      └── App
```

### Dual Token Architecture

This example uses two tokens generated server-side:

1. **Room Token** - Authenticates with the Hiyve signaling server for WebRTC
2. **Cloud Token** - Authenticates with Hiyve Cloud API for AI features (analysis, search, live context)

Both are generated via the Express backend to keep API credentials secure.

### Application Flow

```text
LandingPage
  ├── "Start a Sales Call" → JoinForm → VideoRoom (with live intelligence) → PostMeetingView
  └── "Search Past Calls" → SearchView
```

### Intelligence Flow

1. Owner creates room and starts recording/transcription via ControlBar intelligence menu
2. Transcriptions stream in real-time to the sidebar's AI tab (IntelligenceHub + TranscriptViewer)
3. Mood analysis runs on video frames and syncs to cloud via `useMoodCloudSync`
4. Owner can query the AI assistant during the call using `askWithResponseId`
5. On leaving, transcriptions are collected and sent to `analyzeSalesCall` for scoring
6. PostMeetingView shows MeetingSummary + ScorecardPanel + AI follow-up chat

### Owner vs Guest Experience

| Feature | Owner | Guest |
|---------|-------|-------|
| Video & audio | Yes | Yes |
| ControlBar (camera, mic, share) | Yes | Yes |
| Recording menu & intelligence settings | Yes | No |
| AI Sidebar (IntelligenceHub + Files) | Yes | No |
| Post-meeting analysis | Yes (on leave) | No |

## Hooks Reference

| Hook | Package | Purpose |
|------|---------|---------|
| `useConnection` | `@hiyve/react` | `createRoom`, `joinRoom`, `leaveRoom`, `isConnecting` |
| `useRoom` | `@hiyve/react` | `room`, `isOwner`, `isInRoom` |
| `useWaitForHost` | `@hiyve/react` | `isWaiting` (guest waiting room) |
| `useRecording` | `@hiyve/react` | `isRecording`, `recordingDuration`, `responseId` |
| `useTranscription` | `@hiyve/react` | `transcriptions`, `isTranscribing`, `enrichTranscription` |
| `useParticipants` | `@hiyve/react` | `localUserId` |
| `useAnalysis` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | `analyzeSalesCall`, `result`, `loading` |
| `useLiveContext` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | `askWithResponseId` (AI queries with transcription context) |
| `useIntelligenceReadiness` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | UI readiness state for intelligence features |
| `useMoodAnalysisSafe` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | `moodStates`, `enabled`, `ready` |
| `useMoodCloudSync` | `@hiyve/react-intelligence` | Auto-sync mood data to cloud AI context |
| `useCloudClient` | Local context | Access to raw `CloudClient` instance |

## Development

```bash
pnpm run dev             # Start dev server (client + backend)
pnpm run build           # Build for production
pnpm run packages:dev    # Use local linked packages
pnpm run packages:prod   # Use registry packages
pnpm run packages:status # Show current mode
```

## Troubleshooting

| Issue | Solution |
|-------|----------|
| "Failed to generate cloud token" | Check `APIKEY` in `server/.env` |
| "Failed to generate room token" | Check both `APIKEY` and `CLIENT_SECRET` in `server/.env` |
| No transcription appearing | Start recording/transcription via the ControlBar intelligence menu |
| AI assistant says "No context" | Intelligence mode must be active (recording + transcription running) |
| Vite context duplication errors | Run `rm -rf node_modules/.vite` and restart |
| Search returns no results | You need recordings with transcriptions in your Hiyve account |
| Sidebar not visible | Only the room owner sees the sidebar; guests see video only |
